we have I thought so before now
I'll show you the dm drive
my outfit
I had already made video
However, that was backed by music
and I have you the prices
faded in and now I thought
I just do that normally
I told you a little bit where I am
what he has and you live it so to speak
Show more or less and yes I have
Today, such a casual outfit to so so
I usually walk around him so relaxed
Loosely I say let loose that can be
outfit and I would say I'll lie down
go ahead I go back a piece
I'm wearing a very simple top
I'll open my jacket for a while
primark so a v-neck t shirt so
it's a normal t-shirt white
I could see but that has my
mother hanged me now last cupboard
because we are too big but the t shirts
of pastors cost so around the 2 350th
are pretty cheap as I transfer
a jacket a sweatshirt jacket whole
normal length of h & m for 20 euro and me
have the hood over the leather jacket
thrown exactly
yes, I'm wearing a leather jacket from
my mother
I need me again and tell us how
the clothes more or less she goes
always at my closet and me at hers
we are so relatively the same size
but not especially the jacket for
example suits me now that is one
jacket by esprit has here forward as a
Bund has then let such and yes
actually there is one more here
strange thing in there when gray find that
but I'm so ugly that I am
that always put a practical game away like that
that you can not see that and she is
just waisted cut and pretty
short as you can see that and yes the
has my I cost 150 euros has muti
once said because it is not
no one is harmless
Imitation leather I have no idea how never
so expensive
Well anyway, it's the same here
make two more here you can stop
but to do with each student
almost too tight so always wear open
here are so little bags and yes I think
very handy now for the
transition time then I still wear from
primark a bracelet what your last
maybe you have seen in my high
that cost two euros is such a
leather bracelet with a sweet little heart
tuned
and yes, earrings or so I wear now
no further yes and then I search or
shall I tell you I already do
Take a look and I'll have it
Now last week at take away solo
bought cool jeans pants 25 99
I'll show you this for a moment
This is still primark I hope you
can it recognize a goethe for two
euro has such a nice pattern
but you do not really think so
I think I have to go there again
reinmachen
Well, in any case , the pants
below it shows three buttons
So I think a broad bunch
It was always very nice that arrived
bacon is hidden and looks like that
she has so easily washed away
so it's so easy to get up and here
down below she has such moment when you
that could be seen on the page
I'll take out such a zipper below
I think that's cool
and yes what am I doing for shoes
you see you are already chucks
however, it is now in chucks of
primark they cost me 12v me
I always bought myself last year
now really nice caramel tone I think
very casual and somehow it works
always yes and they slipped because of this
stupid valid but I have mine
belt of the hero in misplaced yes and behind
I'll show you this pants
then another bag with
zipper on one side and
on the other side such a normal one
and so the whole house looks I hope
you may well recognize that
I should the camera again
turn it down I cut that
not exactly now I want exactly
it this way so it looks to have made
you already saw and do now
I go down and that's how it looks
all of it so happy not enough
I actually feel pretty hollow
It is casual and very comfortable
suitable for everyday use and then I have
Of course, still have a bag for that
I shot at small circles
But originally there was a time
long at h & m has so cute plaited here
Henkel and is quite spacious
here still so easy and at the side
also subjects and yes so I wear them then
practically like this and yes I do not know
Do you still have questions when writing years
I like the comments
I think I have everything to the outfit
I do not know what I mean now
I forgot and I would say so
go now so loosely and boots to dm
and I hope the outfit has you
I am pleased about yours
feedback and see you next time
bye